Update prefix language (#21803)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/html_and_css/index.md

Of course, no CSS features will apply at all if you don't use the right [selectors](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors) to select the element you want to style!

> In a comma separated list of selectors, if you just write a selector incorrectly, it may not match any element. If, however, a selector is invalid, the **entire** list of selectors is ignored, along with the entire style block. For this reason, only include a `:-moz-` prefixed pseudo class or pseudo-element in a [forgiving selector list](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Selector_list#forgiving_selector_list), such as `:where(::-moz-thumb)`. Don't include a `:-moz-` prefixed pseudo class or pseudo-element outside of a [`:is()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:is), [`:where()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:where), [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has), or [`:not()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:not) forgiving selector list within a comma separated group of selectors as all browsers other than Firefox will ignore the entire block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a comma-separated list of selectors, if you just write a selector incorrectly, it may not match any element. If, however, a selector is invalid, the **entire** list of selectors is ignored, along with the entire style block. For this reason, only include a `:-moz-` prefixed pseudo class or pseudo-element in a [forgiving selector list](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Selector_list#forgiving_selector_list), such as `:where(::-moz-thumb)`. Don't include a `:-moz-` prefixed pseudo class or pseudo-element outside of a [`:is()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:is), [`:where()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:where), [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has), or [`:not()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:not) forgiving selector list within a comma-separated group of selectors, as all browsers other than Firefox will ignore the entire block.
```

#### Handling CSS prefixes

Another set of problems comes with CSS prefixes — these are a mechanism originally used to allow browser vendors to implement their own version of a CSS (or JavaScript) feature while the technology is in an experimental state, so they can play with it and get it right without conflicting with other browser's implementations, or the final unprefixed implementations.

> For example, Firefox uses `-moz-` and Chrome/Edge/Opera/Safari use `-webkit-`. Other prefixes you may encounter in old code include `-ms-` which was used by Internet Explorer and early versions of Edge used `-ms-` and `-o` which was used in the origin versions of Opera.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, Firefox uses `-moz-` and Chrome/Edge/Opera/Safari use `-webkit-`. Other prefixes you may encounter in old code include `-ms-`, used by Internet Explorer and early versions of Edge, and `-o`, used in the original versions of Opera.
```
